Update playbook_tests with type testing (#72732)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_filters.rst

    {{ myvar | type_debug }}

> You should note that, while this may seem like a useful filter for checking that you've got the right type of data in a variable, you should often prefer :ref:`type tests <type_tests>`, which will allow you to test for specific data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should note that, while this may seem like a useful filter for checking that you have  the right type of data in a variable, you should often prefer :ref:`type tests <type_tests>`, which will allow you to test for specific data types.
```
